---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Collegeboard Quiz Blog
type: hacks
courses: { compsci: {week: 16} }
---
What to study: 

Go over the quiz completed last trimester. Review questions from all topics. In addition, spend extra time reviewing the missed questions in order to learn from it and get a better understanding of the topics.


Questions missed:

Q4 In a certain computer program, two positive integers are added together, resulting in an overflow error. Which of the following best explains why the error occurs?
correct answer: The program can only use a fixed number of bits to represent integers; the computed sum is greater than the maximum representable value.
my answer: The program cannot represent integers; the integers are converted into decimal approximations, leading to rounding errors.

Q23 A flowchart is a way to visually represent an algorithm. The flowchart below is used by an application to set the Boolean variable available to true under certain conditions. The flowchart uses the Boolean variable weekday and the integer variable miles. Which of the following statements is equivalent to the algorithm in the flowchart?
correct answer: available <--- (weekday) AND (miles < 20) 
my answer: available <--- (weekday) AND (miles >= 20)

Q67 The procedure NumOccurrences is intended to count and return the number of times targetWord appears in the list wordList. The procedure does not work as intended. For which of the following code segments will the call to NumOccurrences NOT return the intended value?
correct answer: A & B
my answer: A