---
toc: true
comments: true
layout: post
title: N@M
type: hacks
courses: { compsci: {week: 23} }
---

#### Night at the Museum

**Me And My Team**
I think working with my team was a good experience. We were able to collaborate in class and outside of class on our assignments. We also performed well on our assignments. An aspect we can do better on is planning out our schedule for the week at the start because we rushed some of our assignments.


**Feedback**
We recieved feedback to add a database to our project. So we revived our stocksense proiject and added a database where it saves the stock data a user logs and created an organizer. We also created additional features such as searching up different stalk symbols such as APPL and TSLA. We also created a feature where the user can recieve crypto data. For these 2 features we used an API from alphavantage.

**Visuals of Other Groups**

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PZ0v3Sft0Y2Can_ybHaCgDgk0xx8zp9F/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1T7EJi3ZmWpROJtZdvi35GPgryN7m2vBJ/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>


**What Impressed Me**
I saw the real estate project and it really impressed me. The detailed listings allowed me to explore multiple properties conveniently in one place, complete with high-quality images and comprehensive information. The intuitive layout and user-friendly interface contributed to a seamless browsing experience. Furthermore, the attention to detail in the property descriptions, along with the inclusion of key details such as square footage, amenities, and local area information, made it incredibly easy to assess each property's potential. It was evident that there was a concerted effort to ensure accuracy and provide prospective buyers or renters with all the data they need to make informed decisions. I felt like it was not only a really good project but also one that has the potential to evolve into a fully-fledged, user-centric website. The foundational design and functionality are already in place, which could be the starting point for additional features like virtual tours, real-time availability updates, and interactive maps. It's an exciting prospect that could redefine the standard for online real estate platforms.

**Photography Project**


<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/10hHDcv_3j8EHO0FngQBAdjnYSl8SL3oe/preview" width="640" height="480" allow="autoplay"></iframe>

I liked the photograph because it really emphasizes the sky and its beauty and blends well with the rest of the picture. There is a good color pallete balance between the warm tones and cool tones. The parallel structure of the trees is helping create order in the picture. 